update readme to be up-to date with the current codebase and steps (#146)
The-AgenticFlow/AgentFlow: README.md

> ```
> (Create it first if needed: `mkdir -p .dev-binaries`.)

#### 3. Bootstrap (one-time setup)

```bash
./scripts/prod.sh bootstrap
```

This will:
1. **Build and sync dev binaries** — Compiles `openflows` (controller) and `openflows-harness` (worker coordination) in release mode (`cargo build --release`), then copies both to `.dev-binaries/` for Docker mounting into Coder workspaces.
2. **Create the admin user in Coder** — Creates the initial admin account (see step 4 for the credentials).
3. **Push workspace templates** — Deploys the `nexus`, `forge`, `sentinel`, `vessel`, and `lore` templates via `coder templates push`.
4. **Verify LLM/GitHub auth** — Ensures a GitHub token and at least one LLM model are configured.

> **Troubleshooting:** See the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section below for common bootstrap failures (missing `coder` CLI, Coder license, LLM model not configured, etc.).

#### 4. Get the Coder session token & admin credentials

The bootstrap script prints the admin account it created. By default the credentials are:

| Field | Default |
|-------|---------|
| Username | `admin` |
| Email | `admin@openflows.dev` |
| Password | `Op3nFl0ws!` |

> You can override these before running bootstrap via the `CODER_ADMIN_USERNAME`, `CODER_ADMIN_EMAIL`, and `CODER_ADMIN_PASSWORD` environment variables.

Reviewer: These variables are not added to the `.env.example`

> Then get your API token so OpenFlows can authenticate to Coder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then get a valid session token so the OpenFlows controller can authenticate to Coder:
```

docker compose ps
```

A successful run shows Coder, Redis, and the controller all healthy, and the log streaming with sync/provisioning activity once you create an issue.

### Troubleshooting

#### `Failed to run coder templates push` (during bootstrap)

The `coder` CLI is missing or not on your `PATH`. Bootstrap shells out to `coder templates push`. Install it, for example:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://coder.com/install.sh | sh
```

Then make sure the `coder` binary is on your `PATH` (re-login or add `~/.local/bin`/`~/bin`), and confirm with `coder version`, then re-run bootstrap.

#### `cp: cannot create regular file '.dev-binaries/openflows': Permission denied`

The `.dev-binaries/` directory is `root`-owned. Take ownership:

```bash
sudo chown -R "$USER":"$USER" .dev-binaries/
```

#### "No LLM models configured in Coder"

Open the Coder dashboard → **AI Settings** → **Coder Agents** → **Models** and configure at least one provider/model, then re-run bootstrap.

#### `docker compose` / health check failures

```bash
# Ensure Docker is running
docker ps

# Restart the stack
docker compose up -d
docker compose ps   # wait for healthy
```

#### Controller not picking up issues

> 1. Confirm a tenant is bound (`./scripts/prod.sh tenant owner/repo --name my-team`).

Reviewer: identify the place holders in this command
